README.md, before:

# Project Repository

This repository will be used for team projects.

Several sets of instructions are included in this repository. They should each be treated as separate assignments with their own due dates and sets of requirements.

1. See the [App Map & Wireframes](instructions-0a-app-map-wireframes.md) and [Prototyping](./instructions-0b-prototyping.md) instructions for the requirements of the initial user experience design of the app.

1. Delete the contents of this file and replace with the contents of a proper README.md, as described in the [project setup instructions](./instructions-0c-project-setup.md)

1. See the [Sprint Planning instructions](instructions-0d-sprint-planning.md) for the requirements of Sprint Planning for each Sprint.

1. See the [Front-End Development instructions](./instructions-1-front-end.md) for the requirements of the initial Front-End Development.

1. See the [Back-End Development instructions](./instructions-2-back-end.md) for the requirements of the initial Back-End Development.

1. See the [Database Integration instructions](./instructions-3-database.md) for the requirements of integrating a database into the back-end.

1. See the [Deployment instructions](./instructions-4-deployment.md) for the requirements of deploying an app.

Commit message:

Project Setup and Spring Planning

README.md, after:

# Project Repository

This repository will be used for team projects.

Several sets of instructions are included in this repository. They should each be treated as separate assignments with their own due dates and sets of requirements.

1. See the [App Map & Wireframes](instructions-0a-app-map-wireframes.md) and [Prototyping](./instructions-0b-prototyping.md) instructions for the requirements of the initial user experience design of the app.
## Product Vision Statement
Huddle is a web app solution to the problem of wanting to play a game of your favorite sport but missing the required amount of players. Huddle connects you to your local talent and allows you to organize immediate pick-up games. Huddle also saves your win-loss history and allows other people to rank your skills after playing a match.

## Core Team Members
Members
[Johan Gallardo](https://github.com/JohanGallardo)
[Yuyao Wu] (https://github.com/YuyaoWu61)
[Adam Sidibe](https://github.com/sidibee)
[Justin Zhang](https://github.com/jz4861)
[Sophie Ana Paris](https://github.com/sap688)

## Short History
The idea of Huddle came from asking friends and family which issues they have that they believe could be solved by technology. My brother, an advid baseball player, told me he always hates when he does not have enough players to start a game of baseball at the park. He said he wished there could be an app that connects players to each other for pickup games. I built on this idea to include rankings to gamify experiences and make sports more enjoyable to progess in skill.

1. See the [Sprint Planning instructions](instructions-0d-sprint-planning.md) for the requirements of Sprint Planning for each Sprint.

1. See the [Front-End Development instructions](./instructions-1-front-end.md) for the requirements of the initial Front-End Development.

1. See the [Back-End Development instructions](./instructions-2-back-end.md) for the requirements of the initial Back-End Development.

1. See the [Database Integration instructions](./instructions-3-database.md) for the requirements of integrating a database into the back-end.

1. See the [Deployment instructions](./instructions-4-deployment.md) for the requirements of deploying an app.
